feat: add modelz-py docs (#59)
tensorchord/modelz-docs: pages/concepts/auth.mdx

# Authentication

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

ModleZ supports two types of Authentication:

> - by API Key

Reviewer: delete `by`

Author: Fixed.

- by JWT token

> ## Method - API Key

Reviewer: delete `Method`

You could get API Key from the [**API Keys**](https://cloud.modelz.ai/settings/user) page.
![](./images/user-apikey.png)

> API Key is generated for a user or team. ModelZ use API key to access these operations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
API Key is generated for a user or a team. ModelZ use API key to control the access of the following operations:
```

Author: Fixed.

- `create`, `list`, `update` or `delete` deployments
- make `inference` to deployment **without** WebUI([mosec](../frameworks/mosec))

For endpoint protected by API Key, you could pass it to request header as:
```json
{
    "X-API-KEY":"mzi-fake000generated111api222key"
}
```

<Callout type="warning">
  Deployments with WebUI([gradio](../frameworks/gradio), [streamlit](../frameworks/streamlit)...) is not protected by API Key, do not leak your endpoint of them!
</Callout>

These resources is more frequently to be accessed, and more possible to be integreted with downstream modules. 
Thus API Key should be fixed in main lifetime of your account, but you could regenerate it if the key leaks.

<Callout type="info">
  Team has its own API Key, which could be accessed by all members.
</Callout>
![](./images/team-apikey.png)

<Callout>
If you run ModelZ by BYOC, API Key is verified at your own cloud to reduce forward time.
</Callout>

> ## Method - JWT Token

Reviewer: delete `Method`

Author: Fixed.
